If we look at our company right now,
there are a handful of people who focus on the business side;
so the sales, the marketing,
the legal, those aspects of it.
And we found a lot of people who have particular expertise
whether it's in technology or writing or as a nurse,
or as a lawyer or whatever it might be.
But who have a passion for the problem that we're trying to solve,
which is helping chronic care patients get better care over time.
And so what that means is if you look at the resumes and the backgrounds,
or the LinkedIn profiles of people,
it's a really diverse group.
But if you look at what people are focused on,
then it's a very cohesive group.
I think that people with
good strong software backgrounds is more important than specifically what it is.
So get good at anything,
and then figure out where you want to apply that.
With robotics as an industry taking off more and more,
you see companies like ours and many others hiring more and more people with
strong skill sets at the intersection of robotics and something else.
Find what you are good at and what you enjoy doing and figure out how you apply that.
So, I think what we see is again,
robotics in general is being applied in so many different industries.
Obviously we're talking about health care here again,
and some of the things that that draws upon in terms of skill sets.
You can see an overlap with almost any skill set being brought to
the table for interesting robotics applications now in industry.